About the job
Job Summary

 JOB DESCRIPTION 

The Operations Analyst will play a key role in enabling the company’s Operations to function by leveraging state of the art processes, tools, and methods.

Duties & Responsibilities

Manage new and ongoing Operations tasks/projects, along with their associated deliverables and milestones
Provide strategic input into the development and execution of tasks/projects to enhance the company’s Operations.
Evaluate systems, data, and processes to identify refinement and optimization opportunities;
Scope of Operations activities include: Materials Planning and Procurement, Production Planning, Production Capacity Constraints, Inventory Management, and Product Distribution;
Define, analyze, and capture the core business processes and work procedures in Operations;
Training and communication on project statuses, process improvements and implementation with various business functions.

Minimum Qualifications

Desired Skills and Experience:

3-5 years experience in related field.
Previous project management experience.
Excellent conceptual, analytical and problem-solving ability;
Independent starter with ability to think critically and manage multiple tasks concurrently;
Must be able to collaborate effectively on cross-functional projects, use leadership and task management skills to keep project(s) on schedule. 
Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written;
Ability to interface effectively and efficiently with Team Members in various Business functions and management levels.

Preferred Qualifications

Detailed understanding of Operations in a global medical device-manufacturing environment. 
Experience with high volume, high mix product portfolio;
Experience with optimization tools and techniques;

Education

Bachelor’s degree, preferably in Engineering related fields: Process Engineering, Biomedical/Bioengineering, etc.
Master’s degree preferred

Compensation

The anticipated salary range for this position is $70,000 - $90,000 plus benefits. Actual placement within the range is dependent on multiple factors, including but not limited to skills, education, and experience.

This position also qualifies for up to 10% annual bonus based on Company, department, and individual performance.

Masimo offers benefits such as Medical, Dental, Vision, Life/AD&D, Disability Insurance, 401(k), Vacation, Sick, Holiday, Paid Maternity Leave, Flexible Spending Accounts, Voluntary Accident, Critical Illness, Hospital, Long-Term Care, Employee Assistance Program, Pet Insurance, On-site wellness clinic, fitness center, and cafe. All benefits are subject to eligibility requirements.

Physical requirements/Work Environment

This position primarily works in an office environment. It requires frequent sitting, standing and walking. Daily use of a computer and other computing and digital devices is required. May stand for extended periods when facilitating meetings or walking in the facilities. Some local travel is necessary, so the ability to operate a motor vehicle and maintain a valid Driver’s license is required.

The physical demands of the position described herein are essential functions of the job and employees must be able to successfully perform these tasks for extended periods. Reasonable accommodations may be made for those individuals with real or perceived disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job described.