About the job
THE POSITION

Our roster has an opening with your name on it

FanDuel is looking for a CRM Operations Associate to help execute our CRM communication strategy and marketing initiatives. You will play a key role supporting FanDuel's customer engagement programs with increased ownership and strategic responsibility. You will gain deep exposure and work closely with product and engineering teams to drive communication optimization. This is an exciting opportunity to lead individual projects and help elevate revenue driving marketing initiatives at a premier gaming company.

In addition to the specific responsibilities outlined above, employees may be required to perform other such duties as assigned by the Company. This ensures operational flexibility and allows the Company to meet evolving business needs.

THE GAME PLAN

Everyone on our team has a part to play

Project Leadership & Ownership: Lead and manage individual CRM projects from conception to completion, taking full accountability for project deliverables, timelines, and outcomes. Partner with cross-functional stakeholders including product, engineering, and business teams to identify communication optimization opportunities and drive innovation initiatives that enhance communication strategies and effectiveness.
Strategic Campaign Development: Collaborate with various stakeholders to build key marketing campaigns that drive customer engagement and high value actions, using data driven insights and a strong understanding of business priorities. Help define the customer marketing strategy & roadmap to achieve ambitious engagement, retention, and reactivation goals specific to players. Develop communication personalization at scale across all marketing campaigns by leveraging data and our marketing tech stack
CRM Calendar Management: Support broader CRM calendar management and contribute to strategic planning and coordination of communications and campaigns. Contribute to planning and managing the customer proposition calendar to ensure the delivery of the right message, to the right customer, at the right time. Cultivate extensive knowledge of our segmentation strategy
Process Innovation & Automation: Aid in improving process efficiencies and customer journeys by executing automated & triggered marketing campaigns tailored to player behaviors. Develop communication personalization at scale across all marketing campaigns by leveraging data and our marketing tech stack. Conduct A/B testing to track business impacts, analyzing the data and extracting key insights
Data Analysis & Optimization: Utilize campaign, channel and client data to inform planning; clearly communicate key learnings, actionable insights, and recommend new optimization opportunities to leadership. Cultivate extensive knowledge of segmentation strategy and player behavior patterns
Quality Assurance & Testing: Contribute to QA efforts on all CRM channels to ensure all campaigns are accurate, render properly, adhere to channel best practices and provide our customers with the best journey experience possible. Conduct A/B testing to track business impacts, analyzing the data and extracting key insights.
Systems Expertise: Become a systems expert, cultivating extensive knowledge of our marketing tech systems. Aid in execution, creation, email coding, campaign setup, QA, deployment, channel optimization and reporting within the full CRM lifecycle.


THE STATS

What we're looking for in our next teammate

1-3 years of experience in email and/or mobile marketing, with experience creating and managing Casino or gaming campaigns from start to finish. Bachelor's Degree preferred.
Meticulous attention to detail, outstanding organizational skills, strong project management capabilities, and ability to multi-task and prioritize multiple initiatives simultaneously.
Experience running and analyzing marketing campaigns, timelines and deployment in a robust gaming business environment.
Excellent team player with strong collaborative skills and the ability to work cross-functionally, a self-starter and a quick learner with strategic thinking abilities.
Knowledge and experience of data and marketing functionality of at least one email service provider (experience with Braze, Xtremepush, and/or Movable Ink strongly preferred).
Strong analytical skills using data to tackle Casino-specific problems and drive communication optimization initiatives.
Strong understanding of HTML and CSS with advanced technical capabilities.
Comfortable with querying and logic (SQL knowledge a plus) for data analysis.
Knowledge of Photoshop preferred.
Advanced understanding of marketing communications metrics and player engagement patterns.
Has a positive attitude and loves opportunities to collaborate with others and drive innovation.
Willing to work nontraditional hours, including weekends and evening shifts to support operations.


About Fanduel

FanDuel Group is the premier mobile gaming company in the United States and Canada. FanDuel Group consists of a portfolio of leading brands across mobile wagering including: America’s #1 Sportsbook, FanDuel Sportsbook; its leading iGaming platform, FanDuel Casino; the industry’s unquestioned leader in horse racing and advance-deposit wagering, FanDuel Racing; and its daily fantasy sports product.

In addition, FanDuel Group operates FanDuel TV, its broadly distributed linear cable television network and FanDuel TV+, its leading direct-to-consumer OTT platform. FanDuel Group has a presence across all 50 states, Canada, and Puerto Rico.

The company is based in New York with US offices in Los Angeles, Atlanta, and Jersey City, as well as global offices in Canada and Scotland. The company’s affiliates have offices worldwide, including in Ireland, Portugal, Romania, and Australia.

FanDuel Group is a subsidiary of Flutter Entertainment, the world's largest sports betting and gaming operator with a portfolio of globally recognized brands and traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: FLUT).

Player Benefits

We treat our team right

We offer amazing benefits above and beyond the basics. We have an array of health plans to choose from (some as low as $0 per paycheck) that include programs for fertility and family planning, mental health support, and fitness benefits. We offer generous paid time off (PTO & sick leave), annual bonus and long-term incentive opportunities (based on performance), 401k with up to a 5% match, commuter benefits , pet insurance, and more - check out all our benefits here: FanDuel Total Rewards. *Benefits differ across location, role, and level.

FanDuel is an equal opportunities employer and we believe, as one of our principles states, “We are One Team!”. As such, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by state, local or federal law. We believe FanDuel is strongest and best able to compete if all employees feel valued, respected, and included.

The applicable hourly range for this position is $31.73 - $39.90 USD, which is dependent on a variety of factors including relevant experience, location, business needs and market demand. This role may offer the following benefits: medical, vision, and dental insurance; life insurance; disability insurance; a 401(k) matching program; among other employee benefits. This role may also be eligible for short-term or long-term incentive compensation, including, but not limited to, cash bonuses and stock program participation. This role includes paid personal time off and 14 paid company holidays. FanDuel offers paid sick time in accordance with all applicable state and federal laws.

FanDuel is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please email Benefits@fanduel.com.

It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.
