Sales Operations Analyst
JM Eagle

About the job
SUMMARY
Reporting daily to the company headquarters in Los Angeles, the Sales Operations Analyst role is will be responsible for processing multiple purchase orders (POs), coordinating deliveries, managing product sourcing, and ensuring seamless operational processes. This role requires exceptional detail orientation, optimal organization, strong technical skills, outstanding customer service abilities, and a commitment to accuracy in a fast-paced environment.

WORK LOCATION
Onsite. 5200 W. Century Blvd. Los Angeles, Ca. 90045

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
Purchase Order Management: Process multiple purchase orders accurately and efficiently, adhering to company policies and timelines, and ensuring the highest level of service possible under the guidance of the Company’s Sales SOP.
Product Sourcing & Coordination: Collaborate with manufacturing plants and internal teams to source products, coordinate delivery schedules, and ensure timely order fulfillment. Monitors inventory levels during order entry and notifies the production department as needed.
Delivery Coordination: Monitor and track shipments to ensure timely delivery, addressing delays or issues promptly. Works with the shipping departments and Traffic Supervisor to expedite or trace missing or delayed shipments. Notifies Shipping Supervisors of special handling or packaging requirements. Schedules shipments to meet customer needs in a cost-effective manner, including combining orders geographically and minimizing back orders. 
Data Management: Maintain accurate records of purchase orders, deliveries, and supplier information within company systems.
System Proficiency: Utilize tools such as Excel, Word, AS 400, CRM platforms, and other online portals to manage data and processes effectively. 
Process Optimization: Identify opportunities to streamline workflows and improve operational efficiency.
Customer Service: Provide excellent support to internal and external stakeholders by addressing inquiries, resolving issues, and fostering positive relationships.
Inventory Management: Maintain balanced consignment inventory levels based on information from JM Eagle and customers reports. 
Account Management: Assists with customer problems and/or complaints and, after examining all pertinent information, initiate and follow through the resolution with Product Assurance / Traffic / Credit / Accounting / Plants / Production department of any dispute that involves an order. Access and update customer vendor portals as needed. Remains knowledgeable on all customers and provides coverage for the other Analyst’s during vacation or any time loss to ensure optimum customer service.
Product Knowledge: Responsible to obtain product and technical knowledge of all of the company’s products by attending various technical training seminars offered and self-study.
Communication: Communicates with customers and outside sales personnel (JM Eagle sales managers and manufacturer reps) and answers questions on pricing, quotations, customer order status, delivery schedules, competitive pricing and future production.

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES
This position has no supervisory responsibilities.

QUALIFICATIONS
Customer Service in manufacturing environment highly preferred.
Recent college graduates or early-career professionals are encouraged to apply.
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel, Word, AS 400, and/or CRM systems, with the ability to quickly learn new online portals.
Strong attention to detail, enabling accurate work in complex operational environments.
Excellent organizational skills to manage multiple tasks simultaneously.
Effective communication and interpersonal skills for collaboration with team members, suppliers, and customers.
Problem- solving skills to tackle challenges related to sourcing, deliveries, or order discrepancies.
Prior experience in purchase order processing or a related field is preferred but not mandatory.
Bachelor's Degree in Business or related field. Prior experience will be taken into consideration in lieu of. 

WORK ENVIRONMENT
This role is office-based and will require frequent interaction with suppliers or vendors via phone or email. Candidates should be comfortable working independently as well as part of a team. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
The noise level in the work environment is usually quiet.